**How to register a new Kylo template**
===================
This document describes how to update a NiFi template using Kylo in production environment.

----------
First of all, check if there's an active thread. If so, wait for the active threads to finish and stop every started processor, in order to avoid pipeline errors throwing. Now download the old template on your device, in order to have a backup copy in case of any need, and save the new template on NiFi with the same name of the old one following the steps listed below:

 1. Copy the new template you decided to register on Kylo and paste it on the NiFi main page in a free room far from anything else;
 2. Create a new template on NiFi with the last one;
 3. Download the new template on your device;
 4. Delete the template you've just pasted on NiFi main page.

After that, you can finally register the new template on Kylo. In order to do that, follow the steps listed below:

 1. Stop every FetchSFTP processor because password are not stored, in order to avoid errors generated by queued flowfiles;
 2. Click on this [link](https://kylo.daf.teamdigitale.it/index.html#!/dashboard) to redirect Kylo home;
 3. On the left bar, click on Admin tab and then on Templates tab;
 4. Click on the orange button on the bottom of the page, in order to add a new template;
 5. Choose the "Import from a file" option;
 6. Click on "CHOOSE FILE" and select the xml file that contains the new NiFi template you've just downloaded.
 7. Check every box appearing at the bottom of the page and go on;
 8. Check that the registration has not produced errors and that everything has been done correctly.
 
Before you start to use your new registered template, don't forget to update Github repository, typing in sequence
```
git status
git add <file_path>
git commit -m "<message>"
git push
```
If the user is not a repository contributor, he can execute this operations on a fork of the repository and then perform a pull request to the main repository.